# WATS-4000: Final Project Planning Documents
##Lighthouses of Washington

**Purpose:** Lighthouses are important historical landmarks tourists and locals alike enjoy visiting. In order to help make visiting them easier, I'd like to build a website to display what the weather will be like at each lighthouse location on a given day. 

**Development Objectives:** This site will be built using Vue.js and will employ Webpack for dependency management and ease of deploymnet. Development will take place locally in a Linux virtual machine and will use Git for version control. 

Anyone wishing to deploy the site for themselves will be provided with documentation and scripts to easily build the site for development or production purposes. 


**Something something:**

Blah blah the point of this whole bidness is to encourage people to visit the lighthouses of washington, learn a bit about their history, appreciate their wonder, support the organizations that manage and preserve them, and get some dang fresh air. 

Venturing anywhere that's outdoors requires a little bit of planning and preparation. Whether you brought a hat or are wearing something warm enough can make or break nice lighthouse time. It's also not always easy to find out whether a location offers a restroom or is wheelchair accessibile - also nice time deal breakers

**Something something data stuff:**

Data will be sourced from a few different lighthouse enthusiasts sites (which will be painstakingly harvested by hand) as well as using the open weather api. Might... even drag in some data from yelp, we will see.

**Something something:**

Page views for each lighthouse will be generated by looping through the primary lighthouse data json file. Plan is to eventually also include a clickable map. 






